Review links of cockpit section in the user guide (#680)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/users-guide/cockpit-bundle/configuration.md

In the **Home dashboard** section, you can select how the home dashboard, that is, the landing page for this application, is treated.

> You can select if the customization of the home dashboard:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can select if following applies to the customization of the home dashboard:
```

Author: Done

> * Is reflected throughout the entire tenant (the default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It is reflected throughout the entire tenant (the default).
```

Author: Done

> * Is only reflected in the current custom application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It is only reflected in the current custom application.
```

Author: Done

> * Is only reflected in the current user. Note that this user then needs CREATE permission for the permission type "Inventory".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ist is only reflected in the current user. Note that this user then needs CREATE permission for the permission type "Inventory".
```

Author: Done

In the **Home dashboard** section, you can select how the home dashboard, that is, the landing page for this application, is treated.

> You can select if the following applies to the customization of the home dashboard:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can select one of the following options for the customization of the home dashboard:
```
